train ce
blue dot that condemns moggi that fiction rt the phone call that the minister
pisanu of having him beautiful of the Berlusconi government makes moggi telling him but that
he says the case you have to send thesis as the holy father was dying in the case of
postpone the beautiful day championship now as you make tickets yes
reimburses a sosa symbol and moggi suggests andy not to return it and to
to wait if the Pope alone is the Pope or not more than 1000 immediate
the desire for art conceals the game then you surf from the account with. we return
even ticket bag
only you always and lara a phone call that was also brought
from the beauty that was in the package of the famous phone book laughing on it
same as the prosecution nn the informative cervere cn to demonstrate the power of
moggi where you were you are antonello excuse me now go cistino 16 months of quote
you know this
now you know which whitened part you say you have to say
it is now accused there is from preventive ammunition touching by heavy shooting & gt
the easy try starvation cards - find the name the prosecution has become me
call Italian designers nn okay then mini since then we go this one
torrent acetoacetato they listen to the paco of onofrio paco lawyer of onofrio that in
good evening vocated connection
as soon as I open more authoritative cordovado da love me solitude sports law
bologna bologna list is illegal for luciano moggi net in sports trials
- captured calciopoli 2 which here is the process on the Swiss screen
that why no people do not know that there is no proof to die celebrated already
a sports trial on the left was won by Luciano Moggi
the second. however for the lawyer they do not see each other as we now hear
this interception interception concerns the two items that would be needed
two years he told the ancients of Milan
eh already because a school where non verbal a roof of montecarlo, gods
call exact tv
and why mose village of milan where there is a person who talks to me
rai and then later they pass them
galliani
St. Leonard was born
thriller is a hoax what I did a pact slip practically championship
tze tze tze
if you want I can pass
the president course england torino also for me once is another
problem but it is a pity however step by step how to load the words
Leonardo was the doctor then
redacon - your we quarreled we clarify Saturday at 20 30 to 18 'apology salmo 118
brescia then let's go to lodovini coring now a little worried in fourth string
so much kakashi science poop without the other going to dinner on the second and me
I go back to graduate so that you know it true
ccleaner download
luca calabrese that I sleep
looking for a job, he calculates installments also because those who are good and prepared e
have fun
rrrr grunberg today 3 a frail son of a bitch will open what cost with
what a good seller so hypocritical called progeas we collaborate
photo pos pro alberico the South Americans are recovered josh follows above -
so for a adventure - free week we already have a client
who brought professional napoleon boiler and Spanish torino core with
a stack hat login atm boar sure how to hat senses like the
hut with a person I appear acciaroli pinned psychologist are
last but we also prove that this year's career we do not want to do
flannel choices. arrogant land rover, and we ask
arrive
arabia air arabia for now to load corauto florentine produce
vasari, I would also go straight away that today's resort and lot I jumped out of the hill now
there is the positive rh factor at that varietal hour at row 2 announced the farewell
Arsenal
paolo 3 stars
solar declarations click us down - cosenza - argues that
obviously palmisano karaoke with the mugnaia livorno I know how and how
served to use I know what a bit of work from 3000 I knew well you are
quote
there are a few curious things, the first is Italians who knew each other
sure, rss reader for sportsmen and a lively fan of inter like us
in the milan
to my excuse how the deli seventh heaven of gold few was deleting the
pupazzino seemed to be very comfortable with the two of them as if doing things in agreement
among them but I don't think it's that we remember the thing that leonardo meani is
it was the only one learning the so-called article 6 lc3 the sporting crime if the
attempt
opf to fix a game
wrong lawyer then I try onofrio teacher
mauro the alchemic skull was reduced but that iconic problem andartela
chronically to many other phone calls which means that
had the weather to spread and make known
testifies only one circumstance and that is that there is probably one of the
occasional behaviors, part of all the managers, especially of all the
top teams depresses 6 7 teams ranking standings but one thing for sure
there was no moggi system because then
that the parameter is built around a phone call or a series of reports
a system is then that they don't test moggi there is also the theme sean facchetti
Galliani system there is also the theme of the valley francesca moro tito c'è
there is an all few systems it was enough to call to have a report of
habituality with a draftsman an exponent of the arbitration system for
to tell you that there was a system in that relationship then there were
dentic arms of the pantheon football teams here is another question that
then 1 as a citizen is to do to understand how these processes work
and direct
at the moment when there are these interceptions
that is df you understand that they are there
why
for whom prosecutors do not ask to be put under
wiretapping the Gallian phones because we remember in this case
we have the voice of Gallians for example
speaks with an intercepted Kenyans because of the Milan they choose to put
ellade subtense tosel told the trees and not the perpetrators why not
it puts itself all over the city if the time of the moratti porters of hey
campedelli di cellino di lotito, Italians even more striking than a
part of the investigation is ahead even though used however in general also the
on the inter for example, as in the beginning
phone calls pop up
a pairetto phone call with porters
about then the west square designations do not like giannelli evening
like it there was that already
then I say I wonder
because the investigators put the teased orbital intercepts under the
home of juventus that the 6 phones moggi home moggi say home of mine
of neighbor of moggi exante and voice and we all because to all of us
citizens, we would like to have a definitive word for once
called clarity
we want to know if the championships have been rigged
if only by whom and by whom. instead here are regular camping
it was part of a super ambipur world for everyone
that in the end did not produce any results we want to know